#
# This file is autogenerated by pip-compile with python 3.8
# To update, run:
#
#    pip-compile requirements.in
#
altair==4.1.0
    # via -r requirements.in
anyio==3.3.4
    # via jupyter-server
appdirs==1.4.4
    # via requests-cache
argon2-cffi==21.1.0
    # via
    #   jupyter-server
    #   notebook
arrow==1.2.1
    # via -r requirements.in
attrs==21.2.0
    # via
    #   cattrs
    #   jsonschema
    #   requests-cache
babel==2.9.1
    # via jupyterlab-server
backcall==0.2.0
    # via ipython
bleach==4.1.0
    # via nbconvert
cattrs==1.8.0
    # via requests-cache
certifi==2021.10.8
    # via requests
cffi==1.15.0
    # via argon2-cffi
charset-normalizer==2.0.7
    # via requests
country-bounding-boxes==0.2.3
    # via -r requirements.in
debugpy==1.5.1
    # via ipykernel
decorator==5.1.0
    # via ipython
defusedxml==0.7.1
    # via nbconvert
entrypoints==0.3
    # via
    #   altair
    #   jupyterlab-server
    #   nbconvert
idna==3.3
    # via
    #   anyio
    #   requests
importlib-resources==5.4.0
    # via jsonschema
ipykernel==6.5.0
    # via
    #   ipywidgets
    #   notebook
ipython==7.29.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   ipykernel
    #   ipywidgets
    #   jupyterlab
ipython-genutils==0.2.0
    # via
    #   ipywidgets
    #   jupyter-server
    #   nbformat
    #   notebook
ipyvue==1.7.0
    # via ipyvuetify
ipyvuetify==1.8.1
    # via -r requirements.in
ipywidgets==7.6.5
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   ipyvue
iso3166==2.0.2
    # via country-bounding-boxes
jedi==0.18.0
    # via ipython
jinja2==3.0.3
    # via
    #   altair
    #   jupyter-server
    #   jupyterlab
    #   jupyterlab-server
    #   nbconvert
    #   notebook
json5==0.9.6
    # via jupyterlab-server
jsonschema==4.2.1
    # via
    #   altair
    #   jupyterlab-server
    #   nbformat
jupyter-archive==3.2.1
    # via -r requirements.in
jupyter-client==6.1.12
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-server
    #   nbclient
    #   notebook
    #   voila
jupyter-core==4.9.1
    # via
    #   jupyter-client
    #   jupyter-server
    #   jupyterlab
    #   nbconvert
    #   nbformat
    #   notebook
jupyter-server==1.11.2
    # via
    #   jupyterlab
    #   jupyterlab-server
    #   nbclassic
    #   voila
jupyterlab==3.2.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   jupyter-archive
jupyterlab-pygments==0.1.2
    # via nbconvert
jupyterlab-server==2.8.2
    # via jupyterlab
jupyterlab-widgets==1.0.2
    # via ipywidgets
markupsafe==2.0.1
    # via jinja2
matplotlib-inline==0.1.3
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   ipython
mistune==0.8.4
    # via nbconvert
nbclassic==0.3.4
    # via jupyterlab
nbclient==0.5.8
    # via
    #   nbconvert
    #   voila
nbconvert==6.3.0
    # via
    #   jupyter-server
    #   notebook
    #   voila
nbformat==5.1.3
    # via
    #   ipywidgets
    #   jupyter-server
    #   nbclient
    #   nbconvert
    #   notebook
nest-asyncio==1.5.1
    # via
    #   nbclient
    #   notebook
notebook==6.4.10
    # via
    #   nbclassic
    #   widgetsnbextension
numpy==1.21.4
    # via
    #   altair
    #   pandas
packaging==21.2
    # via
    #   bleach
    #   jupyterlab
    #   jupyterlab-server
pandas==1.3.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   altair
    #   vega-datasets
pandocfilters==1.5.0
    # via nbconvert
parso==0.8.2
    # via jedi
pexpect==4.8.0
    # via ipython
pickleshare==0.7.5
    # via ipython
prometheus-client==0.12.0
    # via
    #   jupyter-server
    #   notebook
prompt-toolkit==3.0.22
    # via ipython
ptyprocess==0.7.0
    # via
    #   pexpect
    #   terminado
pycparser==2.21
    # via cffi
pygments==2.10.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   ipython
    #   jupyterlab-pygments
    #   nbconvert
pyparsing==2.4.7
    # via packaging
pyrsistent==0.18.0
    # via jsonschema
python-dateutil==2.8.2
    # via
    #   arrow
    #   jupyter-client
    #   pandas
python-slugify==5.0.2
    # via -r requirements.in
pytz==2021.3
    # via
    #   babel
    #   pandas
pyzmq==22.3.0
    # via
    #   jupyter-client
    #   jupyter-server
    #   notebook
requests==2.26.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   jupyterlab-server
    #   requests-cache
requests-cache==0.8.1
    # via -r requirements.in
send2trash==1.8.0
    # via
    #   jupyter-server
    #   notebook
six==1.16.0
    # via
    #   bleach
    #   python-dateutil
    #   url-normalize
sniffio==1.2.0
    # via anyio
terminado==0.12.1
    # via
    #   jupyter-server
    #   notebook
testpath==0.5.0
    # via nbconvert
text-unidecode==1.3
    # via python-slugify
toolz==0.11.2
    # via altair
tornado==6.1
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-client
    #   jupyter-server
    #   jupyterlab
    #   notebook
    #   terminado
tqdm==4.62.3
    # via -r requirements.in
traitlets==5.1.1
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   ipython
    #   ipywidgets
    #   jupyter-client
    #   jupyter-core
    #   jupyter-server
    #   matplotlib-inline
    #   nbclient
    #   nbconvert
    #   nbformat
    #   notebook
url-normalize==1.4.3
    # via requests-cache
urllib3==1.26.7
    # via
    #   requests
    #   requests-cache
vega-datasets==0.9.0
    # via -r requirements.in
voila==0.2.16
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   voila-material
    #   voila-vuetify
voila-material @ git+https://github.com/GLAM-Workbench/voila-material.git
    # via -r requirements.in
voila-vuetify==0.5.2
    # via -r requirements.in
wcwidth==0.2.5
    # via prompt-toolkit
webencodings==0.5.1
    # via bleach
websocket-client==1.2.1
    # via jupyter-server
widgetsnbextension==3.5.2
    # via ipywidgets
zipp==3.6.0
    # via importlib-resources

# The following packages are considered to be unsafe in a requirements file:
# setuptools
